a. A group of observations forms a _data set_.
v. Now that we know what data to collect, how can we identify our law?
    a. Data as a data frame
    b. Natural laws appear as patterns in data. You can discover the patterns by
        i. Inspecting raw data
        ii. Visualizing the data
            a. `library(mosaic)`
            b. `xyplot()`
        iii. Running a function estimation algorithm on the data
            a. `lm()`
            b. `est <- goal(formula, data)` - Project Mosaic
            c. `fun <- makeFun(est)`
            d. `plotFun(fun, add = TRUE)`
vi. Our data suggests the pattern $V = 9.8 \cdot T$.
    Investigation ot really over. You can induce a pattern from data,
    but you cannot use the data to prove that the pattern is true. To see why not, consider what could go wrong.
    a. The pattern could be due to random chance
    b. The pattern could be due to confounding
    c. The pattern could have an unexpected form at unobserved points
    d. Induction might fail
        i. This last problem might seem the most trivial, but it gives the scientific method it's familiar shape.
            It is known as _the problem of induction_. Scientists avoid it by never relying on
            induction for proof (In theory, scientists do not prove anything.
            They leave that to the mathmeticians).
vii. Now that our data has lead us to a hypothesis, we can test it with "the scientific method."
    a. Formulate the hypothesis: $V = 9.8 \cdot T$
    b. Deduce a testable prediction that must be true if the hypothesis is true: $V = 98$ _when_ $T = 10$.
    c. Collect data that would test the hypothesis.
    d. Reject the hypothesis if the data refutes the prediction
    e. Consider the hypothesis "not yet disproven" if the data corroborates the prediction
    f. Whenever necessary, rely on a well tested, not yet disproven hypothesis to make decisions
    g. Remain skeptical about all hypotheses
        i. Note scientists do not believe that any hypothesis or any formulation of a law is absolutely correct.
        ii. A law is a useful approximation of how the world works. The approximation is accurate enough to be correct, but could possibly be improved upon.
        iii. science progresses by replacing hypotheses with more accurate hypotheses. Consider the history of physics:
            a. Aristotellian
            b. Newtonian Mechanics
            c. Einsteinian Relativity
            d. Quantum Weirdness
            e. String theory?
vii. In our case, any data we collect will verify our hypothesis.
     Our law was discovered by Galileo 500 years ago, and every experiment
     since then has found that it is approximately true.

Vocabulary
Science uses many terms that we use in everyday speech; however, these terms have a
specific meaning in the field of science.
Natural law - a rule that describes a part of the natural world,
like E = Mc*2 or *F* = *MA. Natural laws help scientists understand, control, and
make predictions about natural processes.
You can write down a natural law as a function between variables.
Natural laws deal with variables, but they operate on values that appear in the same observation.
Variable - a quantity, quality, or property that can be measured
Value - the apparent state of a variable when you measure it. The value of a variable
may change from measurement to measurement.
Unit of Analysis - the “unit” of a natural law. The unit explains when the natural
law holds and when the natural law does not.
For example, F = M**A implies that the force (F) that you impart on an object at a
pecific moment of time will be related to the mass (M) and the acceleration (A) of the
same object at the same moment of time. Hence, the unit of analysis of the law is a single
object at a single moment of time.
Observation - a set of values that are measured on multiple variables under similar conditions.
You can think of an observation as a snapshot of the world. An observation shows what a
group of variables looked like together on a specific occasion.
Observational Unit - the “unit” of an observation. The unit of an observation explains
how the values in the observation are similar. For example, if the values f1, m1, and a1
were all measured on Object 1, then the values would form an observation whose unit is a single object.
If f1, m1, and a1 were all measured on Object 1 at the same time, then the values would
form an observation whose unit is a single object at a single moment of time. The unit of an observation should express all of the ways the observations are similar.
Observations provide evidence about natural laws when they share the same unit as the law.
If a law exists between variables, it will exist between the values of those variables
whenever the values appear in an observation with the correct units.
Data - a collection of observations, which you can also think of as a collection of values,
each associated with a variable and an observation.
This definition of data requires a data set to contain both values and relationships. As a
result, many types of unstructured data (e.g. a pile of emails to text mine) will not
meet the definition of data. This is on purpose. You cannot use the techniques covered
in this book on unstructured data until the data has been reorganized around values and the
relationships between those values.
